hey guys this is Bonnie Rebecca I hope
you'll all join me for my new book
review project that I'm calling active
research informed Rebecca no no no no
active Rebecca informed opinion yes so
in this series I'm going to be looking
at a bunch of really challenging really
really important books on politics and
I'm starting with this one called and
now makes 5 so that this is the kind of
book you know unlike the books maybe put
out by you know famous publishing houses
like H do this this kind of disappears
it kind of falls between the cracks in
terms of academic history literary
history and political history you know
that that's a shame you know it really
makes me feel sad to look back at the
history of Chinese communism and see
that you know on the one hand you know
there are things like the the the Opera
the Beijing opera from the Communist
period and sort of the the propaganda
art and that sort of you know celebrated
and you know they have their own
archives that there are museums there
their approach to putting into the
history books
and then you know there's this really
this gap for you know important
historical texts that that are more
substantive than just a new newspaper
article this isn't like reading a
newspaper article even though some of
the primary sources originally were
published in newspapers during you know
Mao Zedong's life these are important
essays for the history of China you know
but um at the same time I mean you know
where are you gonna find it so this
opens with an historical introduction by
Raymond lotta and you know I thought he
did a really really good job in in
proposing this thesis that during the
last few years of Mao Zedong's life as
dictator um you know he was learning
from his mistakes that he was really
interested in what had gone wrong in the
earlier decades of communism you know
leading up to this this final piece that
was that was really interesting for me
see
that introduction but you know the rest
the rest of the book it's a bit of a
letdown that way I just didn't feel that
the rest of the book supported that
thesis or maybe didn't support it like
enough you know but still you know it
was really great to see the original
primary source for the the criticism of
the water margin
oh yeah right that was the other thing
you know in reading this it sometimes
would get to me that even though I felt
the quality of the translation was
really high that you you didn't get the
original Chinese you didn't get the kind
of key terms given to you in brackets or
in a footnote if you wanted to look
something up and check the the
particular you know Chinese words or
even a title like water margin for
beginners that can really be hard okay
great so that's my review of and mal
makes five which is really kind of an
important you know brick to have in the
wall it's important part of your library
if you care about the history of Chinese
communism and these kinds of primary
sources you know just don't let them
disappear so before I go guys um here's
some videotape of me getting out of bed
in the morning in slow motion and I
really made sure that you can see the
whole shape of my breasts and the
nipples at the end I did that special
for you and if you click on the link
below this video you can see um the
whole tape which also includes me
showering and doing a lot of mundane
household tasks in revealing clothing
for no particular reason okay thanks
[Music]